#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation,Phase-Deploy
= API Documentation Work in Progress =

This page is used to work on the API documentation for developers and partners.

This is an draft version for the Praized API 1.0

Information in this document is valid but some specific calls are not documented (yet).

== Goals of the Praized API ==

The goal of the Praized API is to make it easier for developers to build services using data about merchants.

== Before you start ==

=== How to get a Praized API key ===

Sign up for a Praized API key here : http://praizedmedia.com/en/api/

To test API calls you can also use the api-tribe.com key : a0d3b09f9dcc50db5803306886510641

=== Read up on a couple of concepts ===

==== OAuth ====

http://oauth.net/documentation/getting-started
http://oauth.net/core/1.0/ 
 
== Concepts and definitions ==

=== What is Praized ? ===

See http://praizedmedia.com/en/tour/

===  Merchant ===

The merchant is the subject on which users vote, comment, tag and bookmark.

The merchant is the central object on which action are made.

A merchant is a place, it can be a restaurant, a park, it has coordinates associated with it.

Place and merchant can be used interchangeably for this version of the API, but a place can be seen as more general, like a mall or a park for instance. A merchant is a type of place.

=== Community ===

A community is a group of users associated with a Web site or an application. A user can be in multiple communities.

=== Vote ===

A vote is either positive or negative. Users vote on merchants. Votes are kept by the Praized platform by community and by user. A user can positively vote (or Praize, as seen in the Facebook version of Praized) on a merchant in one community, and negatively (Razed) in another according the views of the community. For instance, as a parent, I might raze a restaurant in a parent children community because it does not welcome children, but praize it in another community because they have great microbrewery brews.

=== Bookmarks ===

Bookmarks, or favorites, point to the favorite merchants of a user.

=== Friendship ===

Friendship defines a relationship between two users. It is not limited to the concept of friendship in real life.  

== How to use the API == 

Let's go ahead and start doing the Hello World of the Praized API.

Now, there is no such thing as a Hello World in the Praized API (thank God) but there is something
with which we can test that your API key and cummunity slug are valid.

It is simple to call a Praized API method, because those are simple HTTP calls.

Reading functions can be tested inside a modern browser using GET calls.

The Praized API is largely based on REST principles (you should definitly read those)

So let's try to get something similar to the Praized home page which lists (at the time of this writing) 
the top Praized merchants in the Praized community, but for your community. 

Since your community does not have any Praized or Razed merchants, we should get an empty list.

Open up your favorite browser and copy and paste this in your location bar : 

http://api.praized.com/apitribe/merchants.xml?api_key=a0d3b09f9dcc50db5803306886510641

You should get something like this : 

{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <base_url>http://api-tribe.com/praized/</base_url>
    <slug>apitribe</slug>
    <name>Api Tribe</name>
    <home_url>http://api-tribe.com/</home_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>0</page_count>
    <total_entries>0</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
  <merchants/>
</praized>
}}}

It is pretty self explanatory. We have no DTD (yet).

The response gives info on your community (the url, home page, slug and name),
on the request (pagination) and the response itself, a list of merchants that is empty.. for now ;-)

If you get this instead : 
{{{
<praized>
<errors>
  <error>
    <code>401</code>
    <message>Unauthorized Access</message>
  </error>
</errors>
</praized>
}}}

It probably means you mispelled your community slug like I did the first time I tried.

You can get a good old 403 Forbidden if you make other errors. If you are unable to get
an XML response, you should contact Praized Media themselves (they are a pretty nice bunch 
of guys, they will gadly help) or try beta-tribe.com or even better api-tribe.com!

You can also change the format of the response to json by changing the extension of merchants to 
json like this : http://api.praized.com/{your community slug}/merchants.json?api_key={your API key}

The response should be something like this : 
{{{

{"praized": 
	{
	"pagination": 
		{
			"per_page": "10",
			"page_count": "0", 
			"total_entries": "0", 
			"current_page": "1"
		},
	"community": 
		{
			"base_url": "http://api-tribe.com/praized/", 
			"slug": "apitribe", 
			"name": "Api Tribe", 
			"home_url": "http://api-tribe.com/"
		}, 
	"merchants": []
	}
}
}}}

Response is intdented here to be more readable.

Other parameters to the request include :

per_page : the number of results per page
page : the number of the page you want the result for

Now that we got to our simili-hello-world, we would want to Praize a merchant. But for that
we need at least a user, how to find a merchant, and of course how to vote for it. 

Let's start with searching for merchants. Let's say we are looking for sushi in downtown Montreal,
we all love sushi yes ? 

Let's build the request for those sushi restaurants.

A very useful tool to help understand and use OAuth is available here : http://term.ie/oauth/example/

You can download it and install on your development server to test further. It is available
at Google Code with an MIT Licence : http://code.google.com/p/oauth/

I am going to assume you are using this tool or something similar for the reminder of the tutorial, 
since we are going to have to authenticate ourselves to use other API endpoints. 

=== Request format ===

The request format is simply a REST call in the form of an URL.
The HTTP verbs GET, POST, PUT and DELETE are used to act on the different resources in the Praized Platform.

The request are in the form of http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/{resource_name}?api_key={your_api_key}

=== Response format ===

The format is either XML or JSON, I am assuming the XML format in this documentation, but the structure is the same for both format.

==== XML tag descriptions ====

<self>

The self xml tag has information about the currently logged user in relation to the parent tag (merchant or user).
(The info on the currently logged user is infered from the authorization token)
It includes if the parent merchant is favorited (or bookmarked) and if the logged
user has voted (negatively,0 or positively 1) on that merchant. For a user, it contains if the targeted user is friend
with the logged user

<target>

The target xml tag is similar in structure to the self tag but represents the merchants actions 
a viewed user as made. For instance, if I query the API for merchant praized / commented or bookmarked 
by a specific user (a user page), then I would get that tag for each merchant that the user
as taken an action on.

== API Features ==

 * (list of endpoints, TODO : copy from Reference with links, the reference will be 1 per page eventually)

== API Reference ==

=== Common parameters and endpoint url parts ===

(url parts are surrounded by {})

==== {community_slug} ==== 

The community slug is part of a request URL and is the community identifier for the Praized Platform

 * format : string

==== {format} ====

The format is part of a request URL it is preceded by a dot and is just after the name of the resources worked on.

 * format : string (.xml | .json)

==== api_key ====

Each of the endpoint takes the api_key parameter. The api_key is given to the administrator of a community and must
conform to the community slug.

 * format : string

=== OAuth HTTP Headers ===

To authorize a user, OAuth HTTP headers must be sent with the request. Authorization is not necessery for read requests, but in some cases, if they are sent with the read request, more information specific to the currently logged user will be available. All HTTP verbs require authorization excep GET. OAuth authentication is explained in here (TODO link to relevant section).

Here is an exemple of correctly sent HTTP Headers for a POST request : 
{{{
OAuth realm="",
oauth_version="1.0",
oauth_nonce="ae8704c739e3bf6121e40b170583733c",
oauth_timestamp="1220655178",
oauth_consumer_key="DwDSfr1fGfAxfxodqajVA",
oauth_token="9LkIvyTFgm8HtBIWvztNg",
oauth_signature_method="HMAC-SHA1",
oauth_signature="efwVM%2FYAQemNEZyVbfLFFqlnWPE%3D"
}}}
==== OAuth Realm ====

Not used in this version of the API. Send an empty string

==== oauth_version ====

"1.0"

==== oauth_nonce ====

The nonce is a random string that must be unique to the timestamp sent with this request

==== oauth_timestamp ====

The number of seconds since January 1, 1970 00:00:00 GMT at the time of the request

==== oauth_consumer_key ====

The consumer key is provided by Praized with the API key

==== oauth_token ====

The access token for this request 

==== oauth_signature_method ====

The name of the algorithm used to sign the request

==== oauth_signature ====

The signature itself


=== Merchant endpoints ===

==== Getting the top merchants for a community ====

===== Request format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants.{format}?page={page number}&per_page={number}&api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response format =====

====== XML ======
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>392</page_count>
    <total_entries>3915</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<merchants>

  <merchant>
    <pid>96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e</pid>
    <permalink>http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/societe-des-arts-technologiques-sat</permalink>
    <name>Societe Des Arts Technologiques (SAT)</name>
    <favorite_count>15</favorite_count>
    <sponsored_links>
      <sponsored_link>

        <order>0</order>
        <url>http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Societe-Des-Arts-Technologiques-SAT-/2542153.html?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
        <label>See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca</label>
      </sponsored_link>
      <sponsored_link>
        <order>1</order>
        <url>http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/arts/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688</url>

        <label>Find arts in Montreal in YellowPages.ca</label>
      </sponsored_link>
    </sponsored_links>
    <updated_at>2008-06-27T19:25:55Z</updated_at>
    <votes>
      <neg_count>1</neg_count>
      <score>98</score>

      <pos_count>89</pos_count>
      <count>90</count>
    </votes>
    <tags>
      <tag>
        <name>arts</name>
      </tag>

      <tag>
        <name>cultural</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>organizations</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>culture</name>

      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>web</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>technology</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>

        <name>internet</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>dj</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>vj</name>

      </tag>
    </tags>
    <tag_count>9</tag_count>
    <stat_links>
      <stat_link>
        <url>http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219803353.39392</url>
      </stat_link>
    </stat_links>

    <url nil="true"></url>
    <comment_count>7</comment_count>
    <business_hours nil="true"></business_hours>
    <description nil="true"></description>
    <fax nil="true"></fax>
    <phone>(514)8442033</phone>
    <location>
      <city>

        <name>Montreal</name>
        <code>MTL</code>
        <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>
      </city>
      <postal_code>H2X 2S6</postal_code>
      <latitude>45.509334</latitude>

      <regions>
        <province>Quebec</province>
      </regions>
      <country>
        <name>Canada</name>
        <code>CA</code>
        <name_fr>Canada</name_fr>

      </country>
      <street_address>1195, boulevard Saint-Laurent</street_address>
      <longitude>-73.562672</longitude>
    </location>
    <email nil="true"></email>
    <created_at>2008-04-04T18:13:46Z</created_at>
  </merchant>
    <merchant>
      ...
    </merchant>
    ...
  </merchants>
}}}


====== JSON ======

{{{

{"praized":
	{"pagination": 
		{
		 "per_page": "10",
		 "page_count": "392", 
		 "total_entries": "3915", 
		 "current_page": 
		 "1"
		 }, 
     "community":
     	{"base_url": 
     	 "http://praized.com/", 
     	 "slug": "praized-com-hub", 
     	 "name": "praized.com hub", 
     	 "home_url": "http://praized.com/"
     	 }, 
     "merchants": 
     		[{"permalink": "http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/societe-des-arts-technologiques-sat", 
     		  "pid": "96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e", 
     		  "name": "Societe Des Arts Technologiques (SAT)", 
     		  "favorite_count": "15", 
     		  "updated_at": "2008/06/27 19:25:55 +0000", 
     		  "sponsored_links": [{"order": "0", 
     		  					   "url": "http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Societe-Des-Arts-Technologiques-SAT-/2542153.html?AFC-2BI478746688", 
     		  					   "label": "See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
     		  					   }, 

     		  					   {"order": "1", 
     		  					    "url": "http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/arts/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688", 
     		  					    "label": "Find arts in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"}], 
     		  "votes": {"neg_count": "1", 
     		  			"score": "98", 
     		 			"pos_count": "89", 
     		  			"count": "90"
     		  			 }, 
       	      "tag_count": "9", 
     		  "tags": [{"name": "arts"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "cultural"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "organizations"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "culture"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "web"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "technology"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "internet"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "dj"}, 
     		  		   {"name": "vj"}], 
     		  "stat_links": [{"url": "http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219807264.56828"}], 
     		  "url": null, 
     		  "comment_count": "7", 
     		  "business_hours": null, 
     		  "description": null, 
     		  "fax": null, 
     		  "phone": "(514)8442033", 
     		  "location":
     		  	{"city": {"name": "Montreal", "code": "MTL", "name_fr": "Montreal"},
     		     "postal_code": "H2X 2S6", 
     		     "latitude": 45.509334, 
     		     "regions": {"province": "Quebec"}, 
     		     "country": {"name": "Canada", "code": "CA", "name_fr": "Canada"}, 
     		     "street_address": "1195, boulevard Saint-Laurent", 
     		     "longitude": -73.562672},
     		  "created_at": "2008/04/04 18:13:46 +0000", 
     		  "email": null},
     		  
     		  {"permalink": "http://praized.com/places/ca/montreal/station-c", 
     		   "pid": "06028918fa93968698da8c59b83e5093", "name": "Station C", 
     		   ....
     		   
     		}]
    }	

}}}


==== Searching for merchants in a community ====

===== Request format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants.{format}?q={terms}&l={cityname, state/province}&limit={nb}&page={page number}&per_page={number}&api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

====== limit ======

Maximum number of results

format : unsigned integer

====== q ======

Search query for terms in the form of the [http://www.sphinxsearch.com/doc.html#extended-syntax Sphinx Extended Query Syntax]

format : string

ex : q=restaurant|bar

====== l or location ======

Search query for the location it can include the city or the city with the state or province

format : string

ex : l=montreal
     location=montreal/QC

====== t or tag ======

Search query by using tags

format : string

ex : t=sushi

===== Response Format ===== 

The response format is the same as "Getting the top merchants for a community"

==== Getting a merchant page ====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

===== Response Format =====

====== XML =======
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
  </community>

<merchant>
  <permalink>http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/societe-des-arts-technologiques-sat</permalink>
  <pid>96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e</pid>
  <name>Societe Des Arts Technologiques (SAT)</name>
  <updated_at>2008-06-27T19:25:55Z</updated_at>
  <favorite_count>15</favorite_count>
  <sponsored_links>

    <sponsored_link>
      <order>0</order>
      <url>http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Societe-Des-Arts-Technologiques-SAT-/2542153.html?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
      <label>See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca</label>
    </sponsored_link>
    <sponsored_link>
      <order>1</order>

      <url>http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/arts/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
      <label>Find arts in Montreal in YellowPages.ca</label>
    </sponsored_link>
  </sponsored_links>
  <votes>
    <neg_count>1</neg_count>
    <score>98</score>

    <pos_count>89</pos_count>
    <count>90</count>
  </votes>
  <tag_count>9</tag_count>
  <stat_links>
    <stat_link>
      <url>http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219974134.49459</url>

    </stat_link>
  </stat_links>
  <tags>
    <tag>
      <name>arts</name>
    </tag>
    <tag>
      <name>cultural</name>

    </tag>
    <tag>
      <name>organizations</name>
    </tag>
    <tag>
      <name>culture</name>
    </tag>
    <tag>

      <name>web</name>
    </tag>
    <tag>
      <name>technology</name>
    </tag>
    <tag>
      <name>internet</name>

    </tag>
    <tag>
      <name>dj</name>
    </tag>
    <tag>
      <name>vj</name>
    </tag>
  </tags>

  <url nil="true"></url>
  <comment_count>7</comment_count>
  <business_hours nil="true"></business_hours>
  <description nil="true"></description>
  <phone>(514)8442033</phone>
  <fax nil="true"></fax>
  <location>
    <city>

      <name>Montreal</name>
      <code>MTL</code>
      <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>
    </city>
    <postal_code>H2X 2S6</postal_code>
    <latitude>45.509334</latitude>

    <regions>
      <province>Quebec</province>
    </regions>
    <country>
      <name>Canada</name>
      <code>CA</code>
      <name_fr>Canada</name_fr>

    </country>
    <street_address>1195, boulevard Saint-Laurent</street_address>
    <longitude>-73.562672</longitude>
  </location>
  <created_at>2008-04-04T18:13:46Z</created_at>
  <email nil="true"></email>
</merchant>
</praized>
}}}

===== JSON =====

{{{
{"praized": 
	{"community": 
				{"base_url": "http://praized.com/",
				 "slug": "praized-com-hub", 
				 "name": "praized.com hub", 
				 "home_url": "http://praized.com/"
				 }, 
	 "merchant": 
	       {"permalink": "http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/societe-des-arts-technologiques-sat", 
	        "pid": "96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e", 
	        "name": "Societe Des Arts Technologiques (SAT)", 
	        "favorite_count": "15", 
	        "updated_at": "2008/06/27 19:25:55 +0000", 
	        "sponsored_links":
	              [{"order": "0", 
	                "url": "http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Societe-Des-Arts-Technologiques-SAT-/2542153.html?AFC-2BI478746688", 
	                "label": "See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
	                }, 
	                {"order": "1", 
	                 "url": "http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/arts/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
	                 "label": "Find arts in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
	                }
	               ],
	        "votes": 
	             {"neg_count": "1", 
	              "score": "98", 
	              "pos_count": "89", 
	              "count": "90"
	             }, 
	        "tag_count": "9", 
	        "tags": [{"name": "arts"}, 
	                 {"name": "cultural"},
	                 {"name": "organizations"}, 
	                 {"name": "culture"}, 
	                 {"name": "web"}, 
	                 {"name": "technology"}, 
	                 {"name": "internet"}, 
	                 {"name": "dj"}, 
	                 {"name": "vj"
	                 }], 
	        "stat_links": [{"url": "http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219874280.23980"}], 
	        "url": null, 
	        "comment_count": "7", 
	        "business_hours": null, 
	        "description": null, 
	        "fax": null, 
	        "phone": "(514)8442033", 
	        "location": {"city": {"name": "Montreal", 
	                              "code": "MTL", 
	                              "name_fr": "Montreal"
	                              }, 
	        "postal_code": "H2X 2S6", 
	        "latitude": 45.509334, 
	        "regions": {"province": "Quebec"},
	        "country": {"name": "Canada", "code": "CA", "name_fr": "Canada"},
	        "street_address": "1195, boulevard Saint-Laurent", 
	        "longitude": -73.562672}, 
	        "created_at": "2008/04/04 18:13:46 +0000", 
	        "email": null
	        }
	  }
}

}}}
==== Getting votes for a merchant ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/votes.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format ======

===== XML =====
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>9</page_count>
    <total_entries>90</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<votes>

  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>bpiette</login>
    </user>
  </vote>
  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>

    <user>
      <login>sammyQc</login>
    </user>
  </vote>
  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>cguy</login>

    </user>
  </vote>
  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>ileanagv</login>
    </user>
  </vote>

  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>portalis</login>
    </user>
  </vote>
  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>

    <user>
      <address>
        <city nil="true"></city>
        <regions nil="true"></regions>
      </address>
      <login>dadysson</login>
    </user>
  </vote>

  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <address>
        <city nil="true"></city>
        <regions nil="true"></regions>
      </address>
      <login>quickredfox</login>

    </user>
  </vote>
  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <address>
        <city nil="true"></city>
        <regions nil="true"></regions>

      </address>
      <login>tmcg</login>
    </user>
  </vote>
  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>crsh1976</login>

    </user>
  </vote>
  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>Godot</login>
    </user>
  </vote>

</votes>
</praized>
}}}

====== JSON ======

{{{

{"praized": 
	{"votes": [{"rating": "pos", 
				"user": {"login": "bpiette"}
			   }, 
			   {"rating": "pos", 
			    "user": {"login": "sammyQc"}}, 
				.... ] ,
	 "community": {"slug": "praized-com-hub", 
	               "name": "praized.com hub", 
	               "home_url": "http://praized.com/", 
	               "base_url": "http://praized.com/"},
	 "pagination": {"per_page": "10", 
	                "page_count": "9", 
	                "total_entries": "90", 
	                "current_page": "1"}
	 }
}

}}}

==== Getting comments for a merchant ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/comments.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer


====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>1</page_count>
    <total_entries>7</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<comments>

  <comment>
    <user>
      <login>AtHomewithKimVallee</login>
    </user>
    <comment>An excellent place to host a multimedia event or an average size business conference. The bar makes it more fun and relaxed than the typical conference place.</comment>
    <created_at>2008-07-13T19:57:53Z</created_at>
  </comment>

  <comment>
    <user>
      <login>RobMtl007</login>
    </user>
    <comment>The sound at the SAT is exceptional, very clear.I love to attend the Technology events at the SAT, you meet so many people.The food is great too.</comment>
    <created_at>2008-07-13T19:21:18Z</created_at>
  </comment>

  <comment>
    <user>
      <address>
        <city nil="true"></city>
        <regions nil="true"></regions>
      </address>
      <login>spro</login>
    </user>

    <comment>Pecha Kucha #6 - Summer edition - &#201;dition estivale, Wednesday, July 9, 8:00pm - 10:30pm, http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=710767190</comment>
    <created_at>2008-07-04T19:46:58Z</created_at>
  </comment>
  <comment>
    <user>
      <login>coolfusion</login>
    </user>

    <comment>Startup Camp Montreal is also held at la SAT.</comment>
    <created_at>2008-07-03T22:56:35Z</created_at>
  </comment>
  <comment>
    <user>
      <address>
        <city nil="true"></city>
        <regions nil="true"></regions>

      </address>
      <login>francois</login>
    </user>
    <comment>They have "rave" nights there too.</comment>
    <created_at>2008-06-30T18:06:19Z</created_at>
  </comment>
  <comment>

    <user>
      <address>
        <city nil="true"></city>
        <regions nil="true"></regions>
      </address>
      <login>scarle</login>
    </user>
    <comment>Barcamp Montreal is usually there too.</comment>

    <created_at>2008-06-28T04:26:26Z</created_at>
  </comment>
  <comment>
    <user>
      <address>
        <city nil="true"></city>
        <regions nil="true"></regions>
      </address>

      <login>spro</login>
    </user>
    <comment>We held the FacebookCamp Montreal there.</comment>
    <created_at>2008-06-27T22:50:32Z</created_at>
  </comment>
</comments>
</praized>

}}}

====== JSON ======

{{{

{"praized": 
	{"comments": [{"user": 
					{"login": "AtHomewithKimVallee"}, 
				  "comment": "An excellent place to host a multimedia event or an average size business conference. The bar makes it more fun and relaxed than the typical conference place.",
				  "created_at": 
				  "2008/07/13 19:57:53 +0000"}, 
				  {"user": 
				     {"login": "RobMtl007"},
				   "comment": "The sound at the SAT is exceptional, very clear.I love to attend the Technology events at the SAT, you meet so many people.The food is great too.", 
				   "created_at": "2008/07/13 19:21:18 +0000"}, 
				  {"user": 
				      {"address": {"city": null, "regions": null}, 
				       "login": "spro"}, 
				   "comment": "Pecha Kucha #6 - Summer edition - \u00c9dition estivale, Wednesday, July 9, 8:00pm - 10:30pm,, 
				   "created_at": "2008/07/04 19:46:58 +0000"},
				  {"user": {"login": "coolfusion"}, 
				   "comment": "Startup Camp Montreal is also held at la SAT.", 
				   "created_at": "2008/07/03 22:56:35 +0000"}, 
				   
				   ....
				   
				   ],
	 "community": {"slug": "praized-com-hub", 
	               "name": "praized.com hub", 
	               "home_url": "http://praized.com/", 
	               "base_url": "http://praized.com/"}, 
	 "pagination": {"per_page": "10", 
	                 "page_count": "1",
	                 "total_entries": "7", 
	                 "current_page": "1"
	                }
	   }
}

}}}


==== Getting users that bookmarked a merchant ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/favorites.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>2</page_count>
    <total_entries>15</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<users>

  <user>
    <updated_at>2008-08-26T15:16:10Z</updated_at>
    <gender nil="true"></gender>
    <about>Praized Chief Geek and foodie!</about>
    <first_name>Sylvain</first_name>
    <date_of_birth nil="true"></date_of_birth>
    <last_name>Carle</last_name>

    <address>
      <city>
        <name>Montreal</name>
        <code>MTL</code>
        <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>
      </city>
      <postal_code nil="true"></postal_code>

      <latitude>99.99999</latitude>
      <regions nil="true"></regions>
      <street_address nil="true"></street_address>
      <longitude>-99.0000</longitude>
    </address>
    <claim_to_fame>UserID=1</claim_to_fame>
    <login>scarle</login>

    <created_at>2006-11-22T21:37:30Z</created_at>
  </user>
 .....
</users>
</praized>

}}}

====== JSON ======

{{{

{"praized": 
	{"pagination": 
		{"per_page": "10", 
		 "page_count": "2", 
		 "total_entries": "15", 
		 "current_page": "1"
		}, 
	  "community": 
	  	{"base_url": "http://praized.com/", 
	  	 "slug": "praized-com-hub",
	  	 "name": "praized.com hub", 
	  	 "home_url": "http://praized.com/"
	  	}, 
	  "users": [{"updated_at": "2008/08/26 15:16:10 +0000", 
	             "gender": null, 
	             "about": "Praized Chief Geek and foodie!", 
	             "first_name": "Sylvain", 
	             "date_of_birth": null, 
	             "last_name": "Carle", 
	             "claim_to_fame": "UserID=1", 
	             "address": {"city": 
	             				{"name": "Montreal", 
	             				 "code": "MTL", 
	             				 "name_fr": 
	             				 "Montreal"
	             				 }, 
	             "postal_code": null, 
	             "latitude": 99.999999, 
	             "regions": null, 
	             "street_address": null, 
	             "longitude": -99.999999}, 
	             "login": "scarle", 
	             "created_at": "2006/11/22 21:37:30 +0000"}, 
	             
	             ....
	             
				]
	}
}

}}}



==== Getting tags for a merchant ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/tags.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>1</page_count>
    <total_entries>9</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<tags>

  <tag>
    <name>arts</name>
  </tag>
  <tag>
    <name>cultural</name>
  </tag>
  <tag>
    <name>organizations</name>

  </tag>
  <tag>
    <name>culture</name>
  </tag>
  <tag>
    <name>web</name>
  </tag>
  <tag>

    <name>technology</name>
  </tag>
  <tag>
    <name>internet</name>
  </tag>
  <tag>
    <name>dj</name>

  </tag>
  <tag>
    <name>vj</name>
  </tag>
</tags>
</praized>


}}}

====== JSON ======
{{{
{"praized": 
	{"community": 
		{"slug": "praized-com-hub", 
		 "name": "praized.com hub", 
		 "home_url": "http://praized.com/", 
		 "base_url": "http://praized.com/"},
	  "tags": [{"name": "arts"}, 
	           {"name": "cultural"}, 
	           {"name": "organizations"}, 
	           {"name": "culture"}, 
	           {"name": "web"}, 
	           {"name": "technology"}, 
	           {"name": "internet"}, 
	           {"name": "dj"}, 
	           {"name": "vj"}], 
	  "pagination": 
	  	{"per_page": "10", 
	  	 "page_count": "1", 
	  	 "total_entries": "9", 
	  	 "current_page": "1"}
	 }
}

}}}

==== Voting for a merchant ====

===== Request Format =====

This is a http POST Request

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/votes.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

====== POST Body ======

 * format : string (neg | pos)

neg for a negative vote and pos for a positive vote

===== Response Format =====

The response is very similar to a GET request 

====== XML Format ======

TODO : 

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/",
         "slug":"apitribe",
         "name":"Api Tribe",
         "home_url":"http://api-tribe.com/"
      },
      "vote":{
         "user":{
            "login":"bpiette"
         },
         "rating":"pos",
         "merchant":{
            "permalink":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/places/ca/quebec/montreal/sushi-shop/h3a1j7",
            "pid":"3140580f18afeea8e7665f5bf4e1191d",
            "name":"Sushi Shop",
            "updated_at":"2008/08/05 20:01:58 +0000",
            "short_url":"http://przd.com/nIbl-93",
            "favorite_count":"0",
            "sponsored_links":[
            ],
            "votes":{
               "neg_count":"0",
               "score":"100",
               "pos_count":"1",
               "count":"1"
            },
            "tag_count":"1",
            "tags":[
               {
                  "name":"sushi"
               }
            ],
            "stat_links":[
               {
                  "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1220831140.37964"
               }
            ],
            "url":null,
            "comment_count":"0",
            "business_hours":null,
            "description":null,
            "fax":null,
            "phone":"(514)2862929",
            "location":{
               "city":{
                  "name":"Montreal",
                  "code":"MTL",
                  "name_fr":"Montreal"
               },
               "latitude":45.506555,
               "postal_code":"H3A 1J7",
               "regions":{
                  "province":"Quebec"
               },
               "country":{
                  "name":"Canada",
                  "code":"CA",
                  "name_fr":"Canada"
               },
               "street_address":"439 du Pr\u00e9sident Kennedy",
               "longitude":-73.570433
            },
            "created_at":"2008/08/05 20:01:58 +0000",
            "email":null
         }
      }
   }
}


}}}

==== Commenting on a merchant ====

===== Request Format =====

This is a POST request 

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/comments.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

===== POST Body =====

The comment itself

format : string 

ex : this is a comment

TODO : verify the encoding of the comment (probably ISO-8859-1 like HTTP istself)

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

TODO : 

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "merchant":{
         "permalink":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/places/ca/quebec/montreal/sushi-shop/h3a1j7",
         "pid":"3140580f18afeea8e7665f5bf4e1191d",
         "name":"Sushi Shop",
         "updated_at":"2008/08/05 20:01:58 +0000",
         "short_url":"http://przd.com/nIbl-93",
         "favorite_count":"0",
         "sponsored_links":[
         ],
         "votes":{
            "neg_count":"0",
            "score":"100",
            "pos_count":"1",
            "count":"1"
         },
         "tag_count":"1",
         "tags":[
            {
               "name":"sushi"
            }
         ],
         "stat_links":[
            {
               "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1220832112.41843"
            }
         ],
         "url":null,
         "comment_count":"2",
         "business_hours":null,
         "description":null,
         "fax":null,
         "phone":"(514)2862929",
         "location":{
            "city":{
               "name":"Montreal",
               "code":"MTL",
               "name_fr":"Montreal"
            },
            "latitude":45.506555,
            "postal_code":"H3A 1J7",
            "regions":{
               "province":"Quebec"
            },
            "country":{
               "name":"Canada",
               "code":"CA",
               "name_fr":"Canada"
            },
            "street_address":"439 du Pr\u00e9sident Kennedy",
            "longitude":-73.570433
         },
         "created_at":"2008/08/05 20:01:58 +0000"!,
         "email":null
      },
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/",
         "slug":"apitribe",
         "name":"Api Tribe",
         "home_url":"http://api-tribe.com/"
      }
   }
}
}}}

==== Adding a merchant to the currently logged user's favorites ====

===== Request Format =====

This is a POST request

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/favorites.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

===== POST Body =====

The unique identifier for the merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

TODO : 

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "merchant":{
         "permalink":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/places/ca/quebec/montreal/sushi-shop/h3a1j7",
         "pid":"3140580f18afeea8e7665f5bf4e1191d",
         "name":"Sushi Shop",
         "updated_at":"2008/08/05 20:01:58 +0000",
         "short_url":"http://przd.com/nIbl-93",
         "favorite_count":"1",
         "sponsored_links":[
         ],
         "votes":{
            "neg_count":"0",
            "score":"100",
            "pos_count":"1",
            "count":"1"
         },
         "tag_count":"1",
         "tags":[
            {
               "name":"sushi"
            }
         ],
         "stat_links":[
            {
               "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1220832836.57574"
            }
         ],
         "url":null,
         "comment_count":"2",
         "business_hours":null,
         "description":null,
         "fax":null,
         "phone":"(514)2862929",
         "location":{
            "city":{
               "name":"Montreal",
               "code":"MTL",
               "name_fr":"Montreal"
            },
            "latitude":45.506555,
            "postal_code":"H3A 1J7",
            "regions":{
               "province":"Quebec"
            },
            "country":{
               "name":"Canada",
               "code":"CA",
               "name_fr":"Canada"
            },
            "street_address":"439 du Pr\u00e9sident Kennedy",
            "longitude":-73.570433
         },
         "created_at":"2008/08/05 20:01:58 +0000"!,
         "email":null
      },
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/",
         "slug":"apitribe",
         "name":"Api Tribe",
         "home_url":"http://api-tribe.com/"
      }
   }
}

}}}

==== Adding a tag to a merchant ====

===== Request Format =====

This is a POST request

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/merchants/{merchant_pid}/taggings.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {merchant_pid} ======

The unique identifier for a merchant.

format : string

ex : 96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e

===== POST Body =====

The POST body has three lines

The first is the name of the function : 

format : string 
value : Add my tag

The second is the tag itself

format : string
ex: fast-food

The third is type of the method used (HTTP verb)

format : string
value : post


===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

TODO : 

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "merchant":{
         "permalink":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/places/ca/quebec/montreal/sushi-shop/h3a1j7",
         "pid":"3140580f18afeea8e7665f5bf4e1191d",
         "name":"Sushi Shop",
         "short_url":"http://przd.com/nIbl-93",
         "updated_at":"2008/09/08 00:20:38 +0000",
         "favorite_count":"1",
         "sponsored_links":[
         ],
         "votes":{
            "score":"100",
            "neg_count":"0",
            "pos_count":"1",
            "count":"1"
         },
         "stat_links":[
            {
               "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1220833239.06230"
            }
         ],
         "tags":[
            {
               "name":"sushi"
            }
         ],
         "tag_count":"2",
         "url":null,
         "comment_count":"2",
         "business_hours":null,
         "description":null,
         "fax":null,
         "phone":"(514)2862929",
         "location":{
            "city":{
               "name":"Montreal",
               "code":"MTL",
               "name_fr":"Montreal"
            },
            "latitude":45.506555,
            "postal_code":"H3A 1J7",
            "regions":{
               "province":"Quebec"
            },
            "country":{
               "name":"Canada",
               "code":"CA",
               "name_fr":"Canada"
            },
            "street_address":"439 du Pr\u00e9sident Kennedy",
            "longitude":-73.570433
         },
         "email":null,
         "created_at":"2008/08/05 !
 20:01:58 +0000"
      },
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/",
         "slug":"apitribe",
         "name":"Api Tribe",
         "home_url":"http://api-tribe.com/"
      }
   }
}

}}}


=== Users endpoints ===

==== Getting user information ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/users/{user_login}.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {user_login} ======

The login of the user

format : string

ex : fprefect

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
  </community>

<user>
  <updated_at>2008-08-07T20:57:32Z</updated_at>
  <favorite_count>1</favorite_count>
  <comment_count>1</comment_count>
  <gender nil="true"></gender>
  <about nil="true"></about>
  <friend_count>0</friend_count>

  <first_name>Benoit</first_name>
  <vote_count>9</vote_count>
  <date_of_birth nil="true"></date_of_birth>
  <last_name>Piette</last_name>
  <claim_to_fame nil="true"></claim_to_fame>
  <login>bpiette</login>
  <created_at>2008-06-29T03:26:29Z</created_at>

</user>
</praized>



}}}


====== JSON ======

{{{

{"praized": 
	{"community": 
		{"base_url": "http://praized.com/", 
		 "slug": "praized-com-hub", 
		 "name": "praized.com hub", 
		 "home_url": "http://praized.com/"
		 }, 
	 "user": 
	 	{"favorite_count": "1", 
	 	 "updated_at": "2008/08/07 20:57:32 +0000", 
	 	 "comment_count": "1", 
	 	 "gender": null, 
	 	 "about": null, 
	 	 "friend_count": "0", 
	 	 "first_name": "Benoit", 
	 	 "date_of_birth": null, 
	 	 "vote_count": "9", 
	 	 "last_name": "Piette", 
	 	 "claim_to_fame": api tribe admin, 
	 	 "login": "bpiette", 
	 	 "created_at": "2008/06/29 03:26:29 +0000"}
	 }
}

}}}

==== Getting users comments ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/users/{user_login}/comments.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {user_login} ======

The login of the user

format : string

ex : fprefect

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>1</page_count>
    <total_entries>1</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<comments>

  <comment>
    <user>
      <login>bpiette</login>
    </user>
    <merchant>
      <permalink>http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant</permalink>
      <pid>4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9</pid>

      <name>Osaka Restaurant</name>
      <favorite_count>1</favorite_count>
      <updated_at>2008-08-24T19:44:42Z</updated_at>
      <sponsored_links>
        <sponsored_link>
          <order>0</order>
          <url>http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688</url>

          <label>See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>
        <sponsored_link>
          <order>1</order>
          <url>http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
          <label>Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>

      </sponsored_links>
      <votes>
        <neg_count>0</neg_count>
        <score>100</score>
        <pos_count>2</pos_count>
        <count>2</count>
      </votes>

      <tag_count>6</tag_count>
      <tags>
        <tag>
          <name>outings</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>meals</name>

        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>entertainment</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>restaurants</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>

          <name>caterers</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>sushi</name>
        </tag>
      </tags>
      <stat_links>
        <stat_link>

          <url>http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219980112.96175</url>
        </stat_link>
      </stat_links>
      <url nil="true"></url>
      <comment_count>1</comment_count>
      <business_hours nil="true"></business_hours>
      <description nil="true"></description>
      <fax nil="true"></fax>

      <phone>(514)8493438</phone>
      <target>
        <rating>pos</rating>
        <favorite>true</favorite>
      </target>
      <location>
        <city>

          <name>Montreal</name>
          <code>MTL</code>
          <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>
        </city>
        <postal_code>H3A 2K2</postal_code>
        <latitude>45.50802</latitude>

        <regions>
          <province>Quebec</province>
        </regions>
        <country>
          <name>Canada</name>
          <code>CA</code>
          <name_fr>Canada</name_fr>

        </country>
        <street_address>2137, rue de Bleury</street_address>
        <longitude>-73.570559</longitude>
      </location>
      <created_at>2008-08-24T19:42:11Z</created_at>
      <email nil="true"></email>
    </merchant>

    <comment>Definitly one of my favorite Sushi places. They also have beef Teriaki and karaage.</comment>
    <created_at>2008-08-26T21:43:31Z</created_at>
  </comment>

  ....

</comments>
</praized>

}}}

====== JSON ======

{{{ 

{
   "praized":{
      "pagination":{
         "per_page":"10",
         "page_count":"1",
         "total_entries":"1",
         "current_page":"1"
      },
      "comments":[
         {
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant",
               "pid":"4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9",
               "name":"Osaka Restaurant",
               "favorite_count":"1",
               "updated_at":"2008/08/24 19:44:42 +0000",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"0",
                  "score":"100",
                  "pos_count":"2",
                  "count":"2"
               },
               "tag_count":"6",
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"outings"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"meals"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"entertainment"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"restaurants"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"caterers"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"sushi"
                  }
               ],
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219980215.33844"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"1",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "fax":null,
               "phone":"(514)8493438",
               "target":{
                  "rating":"pos",
                  "favorite":"true"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "postal_code":"H3A 2K2",
                  "latitude":45.50802,
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"2137, rue de Bleury",
                  "longitude":-73.570559
               },
               "created_at":"2008/08/24 19:42:11 +0000",
               "email":null
            },
            "comment":"Definitly one of my favorite Sushi places. They also have beef Teriaki and karaage.",
            "created_at":"2008/08/26 21:43:31 +0000"
         }
      ],
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://praized.com/",
         "slug":"praized-com-hub",
         "name":"praized.com hub",
         "home_url":"http://praized.com/"
      }
   }
}

}}}

==== Getting users favorites ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/users/{user_login}/favorites.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {user_login} ======

The login of the user

format : string

ex : fprefect

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>1</page_count>
    <total_entries>1</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<merchants>

  <merchant>
    <pid>4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9</pid>
    <permalink>http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant</permalink>
    <name>Osaka Restaurant</name>
    <favorite_count>1</favorite_count>
    <sponsored_links>
      <sponsored_link>

        <order>0</order>
        <url>http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
        <label>See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca</label>
      </sponsored_link>
      <sponsored_link>
        <order>1</order>
        <url>http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688</url>

        <label>Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca</label>
      </sponsored_link>
    </sponsored_links>
    <updated_at>2008-08-24T19:44:42Z</updated_at>
    <votes>
      <neg_count>0</neg_count>
      <score>100</score>

      <pos_count>2</pos_count>
      <count>2</count>
    </votes>
    <tags>
      <tag>
        <name>outings</name>
      </tag>

      <tag>
        <name>meals</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>entertainment</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>restaurants</name>

      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>caterers</name>
      </tag>
      <tag>
        <name>sushi</name>
      </tag>
    </tags>

    <tag_count>6</tag_count>
    <stat_links>
      <stat_link>
        <url>http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219980993.91171</url>
      </stat_link>
    </stat_links>
    <url nil="true"></url>
    <comment_count>1</comment_count>

    <business_hours nil="true"></business_hours>
    <description nil="true"></description>
    <fax nil="true"></fax>
    <phone>(514)8493438</phone>
    <target>
      <rating>pos</rating>
      <favorite>true</favorite>

    </target>
    <location>
      <city>
        <name>Montreal</name>
        <code>MTL</code>
        <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>
      </city>

      <postal_code>H3A 2K2</postal_code>
      <latitude>45.50802</latitude>
      <regions>
        <province>Quebec</province>
      </regions>
      <country>
        <name>Canada</name>

        <code>CA</code>
        <name_fr>Canada</name_fr>
      </country>
      <street_address>2137, rue de Bleury</street_address>
      <longitude>-73.570559</longitude>
    </location>
    <email nil="true"></email>

    <created_at>2008-08-24T19:42:11Z</created_at>
  </merchant>
</merchants>
</praized>
}}}

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "pagination":{
         "per_page":"10",
         "page_count":"1",
         "total_entries":"1",
         "current_page":"1"
      },
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://praized.com/",
         "slug":"praized-com-hub",
         "name":"praized.com hub",
         "home_url":"http://praized.com/"
      },
      "merchants":[
         {
            "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant",
            "pid":"4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9",
            "name":"Osaka Restaurant",
            "updated_at":"2008/08/24 19:44:42 +0000",
            "favorite_count":"1",
            "sponsored_links":[
               {
                  "order":"0",
                  "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                  "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
               },
               {
                  "order":"1",
                  "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                  "label":"Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
               }
            ],
            "votes":{
               "neg_count":"0",
               "score":"100",
               "pos_count":"2",
               "count":"2"
            },
            "tag_count":"6",
            "stat_links":[
               {
                  "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219981059.15338"
               }
            ],
            "tags":[
               {
                  "name":"outings"
               },
               {
                  "name":"meals"
               },
               {
                  "name":"entertainment"
               },
               {
                  "name":"restaurants"
               },
               {
                  "name":"caterers"
               },
               {
                  "name":"sushi"
               }
            ],
            "url":null,
            "comment_count":"1",
            "business_hours":null,
            "description":null,
            "phone":"(514)8493438",
            "fax":null,
            "target":{
               "rating":"pos",
               "favorite":"true"
            },
            "location":{
               "city":{
                  "name":"Montreal",
                  "code":"MTL",
                  "name_fr":"Montreal"
               },
               "postal_code":"H3A 2K2",
               "latitude":45.50802,
               "regions":{
                  "province":"Quebec"
               },
               "country":{
                  "name":"Canada",
                  "code":"CA",
                  "name_fr":"Canada"
               },
               "street_address":"2137, rue de Bleury",
               "longitude":-73.570559
            },
            "created_at":"2008/08/24 19:42:11 +0000",
            "email":null
         }
      ]
   }
}

}}}

==== Getting users votes ====

Votes are by users and by community. A single user can vote differently in different communities.

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/users/{user_login}/votes.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {user_login} ======

The login of the user

format : string

ex : fprefect

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======


Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page>10</per_page>
    <page_count>1</page_count>
    <total_entries>9</total_entries>
    <current_page>1</current_page>
  </pagination>
<votes>

  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>bpiette</login>
    </user>
    <merchant>
      <permalink>http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/centre-de-recherche-informatique-de-montreal</permalink>

      <pid>a133ee3f7b7219f0a7797cd079221f60</pid>
      <name>Centre de Recherche Informatique de Montr&#233;al</name>
      <updated_at>2008-06-30T17:36:04Z</updated_at>
      <favorite_count>2</favorite_count>
      <sponsored_links>
        <sponsored_link>

          <order>0</order>
          <url>http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Centre-de-Recherche-Informatique-de-Montreal/334711.html?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
          <label>See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>
        <sponsored_link>
          <order>1</order>
          <url>http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/computer/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688</url>

          <label>Find computer in Montreal in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>
      </sponsored_links>
      <votes>
        <neg_count>0</neg_count>
        <score>100</score>
        <pos_count>5</pos_count>

        <count>5</count>
      </votes>
      <tag_count>9</tag_count>
      <stat_links>
        <stat_link>
          <url>http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219981500.42266</url>
        </stat_link>

      </stat_links>
      <tags>
        <tag>
          <name>computer</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>training</name>
        </tag>

        <tag>
          <name>outings</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>meals</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>entertainment</name>

        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>laboratories</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>research</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>

          <name>development</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>crim</name>
        </tag>
      </tags>
      <url nil="true"></url>
      <comment_count>1</comment_count>

      <business_hours nil="true"></business_hours>
      <description nil="true"></description>
      <phone>(514)8401234</phone>
      <fax nil="true"></fax>
      <target>
        <favorite>false</favorite>
      </target>
      <location>

        <city>
          <name>Montreal</name>
          <code>MTL</code>
          <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>
        </city>
        <latitude>45.506051</latitude>
        <postal_code>H3A 1B9</postal_code>

        <regions>
          <province>Quebec</province>
        </regions>
        <country>
          <name>Canada</name>
          <code>CA</code>
          <name_fr>Canada</name_fr>

        </country>
        <street_address>550 Sherbrooke O Bur.100</street_address>
        <longitude>-73.572552</longitude>
      </location>
      <created_at>2008-06-30T17:35:48Z</created_at>
      <email nil="true"></email>
    </merchant>

  </vote>

  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>bpiette</login>
    </user>

    <merchant>
      <permalink>http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant</permalink>
      <pid>4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9</pid>
      <name>Osaka Restaurant</name>
      <updated_at>2008-08-24T19:44:42Z</updated_at>
      <favorite_count>1</favorite_count>

      <sponsored_links>
        <sponsored_link>
          <order>0</order>
          <url>http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
          <label>See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>

        <sponsored_link>

          <order>1</order>
          <url>http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
          <label>Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>
      </sponsored_links>
      <votes>
        <neg_count>0</neg_count>

        <score>100</score>
        <pos_count>2</pos_count>
        <count>2</count>
      </votes>
      <tag_count>6</tag_count>
      <stat_links>
        <stat_link>

          <url>http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219981500.71384</url>
        </stat_link>
      </stat_links>
      <tags>
        <tag>
          <name>outings</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>

          <name>meals</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>entertainment</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>restaurants</name>

        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>caterers</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>sushi</name>
        </tag>
      </tags>

      <url nil="true"></url>
      <comment_count>1</comment_count>
      <business_hours nil="true"></business_hours>
      <description nil="true"></description>
      <phone>(514)8493438</phone>
      <fax nil="true"></fax>
      <target>
        <rating>pos</rating>

        <favorite>true</favorite>
      </target>
      <location>
        <city>
          <name>Montreal</name>
          <code>MTL</code>
          <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>

        </city>
        <latitude>45.50802</latitude>
        <postal_code>H3A 2K2</postal_code>
        <regions>
          <province>Quebec</province>
        </regions>
        <country>

          <name>Canada</name>
          <code>CA</code>
          <name_fr>Canada</name_fr>
        </country>
        <street_address>2137, rue de Bleury</street_address>
        <longitude>-73.570559</longitude>

      </location>
      <created_at>2008-08-24T19:42:11Z</created_at>
      <email nil="true"></email>
    </merchant>
  </vote>

 ...

  <vote>
    <rating>pos</rating>
    <user>
      <login>bpiette</login>
    </user>

    <merchant>
      <permalink>http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant</permalink>
      <pid>4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9</pid>
      <name>Osaka Restaurant</name>
      <updated_at>2008-08-24T19:44:42Z</updated_at>
      <favorite_count>1</favorite_count>

      <sponsored_links>
        <sponsored_link>
          <order>0</order>
          <url>http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
          <label>See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>
        <sponsored_link>

          <order>1</order>
          <url>http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688</url>
          <label>Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca</label>
        </sponsored_link>
      </sponsored_links>
      <votes>
        <neg_count>0</neg_count>

        <score>100</score>
        <pos_count>2</pos_count>
        <count>2</count>
      </votes>
      <tag_count>6</tag_count>
      <stat_links>
        <stat_link>

          <url>http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219981501.07330</url>
        </stat_link>
      </stat_links>
      <tags>
        <tag>
          <name>outings</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>

          <name>meals</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>entertainment</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>restaurants</name>

        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>caterers</name>
        </tag>
        <tag>
          <name>sushi</name>
        </tag>
      </tags>

      <url nil="true"></url>
      <comment_count>1</comment_count>
      <business_hours nil="true"></business_hours>
      <description nil="true"></description>
      <phone>(514)8493438</phone>
      <fax nil="true"></fax>
      <target>
        <rating>pos</rating>

        <favorite>true</favorite>
      </target>
      <location>
        <city>
          <name>Montreal</name>
          <code>MTL</code>
          <name_fr>Montreal</name_fr>


        </city>
        <latitude>45.50802</latitude>
        <postal_code>H3A 2K2</postal_code>
        <regions>
          <province>Quebec</province>
        </regions>
        <country>

          <name>Canada</name>
          <code>CA</code>
          <name_fr>Canada</name_fr>
        </country>
        <street_address>2137, rue de Bleury</street_address>
        <longitude>-73.570559</longitude>

      </location>
      <created_at>2008-08-24T19:42:11Z</created_at>
      <email nil="true"></email>
    </merchant>
  </vote>
</votes>
</praized>


}}}

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "pagination":{
         "per_page":"10",
         "page_count":"1",
         "total_entries":"9",
         "current_page":"1"
      },
      "votes":[
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/centre-de-recherche-informatique-de-montreal",
               "pid":"a133ee3f7b7219f0a7797cd079221f60",
               "name":"Centre de Recherche Informatique de Montr\u00e9al",
               "updated_at":"2008/06/30 17:36:04 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"2",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Centre-de-Recherche-Informatique-de-Montreal/334711.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/computer/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find computer in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"0",
                  "score":"100",
                  "pos_count":"5",
                  "count":"5"
               },
               "tag_count":"9",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982633.69689"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"computer"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"training"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"outings"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"meals"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"entertainment"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"laboratories"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"research"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"development"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"crim"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"1",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(514)8401234",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "favorite":"false"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.506051,
                  "postal_code":"H3A 1B9",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"550 Sherbrooke O Bur.100",
                  "longitude":-73.572552
               },
               "created_at":"2008/06/30 17:35:48 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/auberge-du-dragon-rouge",
               "pid":"8b01b2d591de4fe7b515ad338ff90389",
               "name":"Auberge Du Dragon Rouge",
               "updated_at":"2008/07/01 00:31:34 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"0",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Auberge-Du-Dragon-Rouge/2103257.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/restaurants/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find restaurants in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"1",
                  "score":"93",
                  "pos_count":"15",
                  "count":"16"
               },
               "tag_count":"5",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982633.74095"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"restaurants"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"outings"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"meals"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"entertainment"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"caterers"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"1",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(514)8585711",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "favorite":"false"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.547664,
                  "postal_code":"H2M 1R6",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"8870, rue Lajeunesse",
                  "longitude":-73.642183
               },
               "created_at":"2008/07/01 00:31:34 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/societe-des-arts-technologiques-sat",
               "pid":"96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e",
               "name":"Societe Des Arts Technologiques (SAT)",
               "updated_at":"2008/06/27 19:25:55 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"15",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Societe-Des-Arts-Technologiques-SAT-/2542153.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/arts/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find arts in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"1",
                  "score":"98",
                  "pos_count":"89",
                  "count":"90"
               },
               "tag_count":"9",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982634.03809"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"arts"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"cultural"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"organizations"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"culture"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"web"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"technology"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"internet"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"dj"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"vj"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"7",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(514)8442033",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "rating":"pos",
                  "favorite":"false"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.509334,
                  "postal_code":"H2X 2S6",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"1195, boulevard Saint-Laurent",
                  "longitude":-73.562672
               },
               "created_at":"2008/04/04 18:13:46 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/montreal/station-c",
               "pid":"06028918fa93968698da8c59b83e5093",
               "name":"Station C",
               "updated_at":"2008/07/09 22:35:55 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"22",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/coworking/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find coworking in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"1",
                  "score":"98",
                  "pos_count":"76",
                  "count":"77"
               },
               "tag_count":"7",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982634.08637"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"coworking"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"space"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"espace"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"travail"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"communautaire"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"web"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"patin"
                  }
               ],
               "url":"http://station-c.com/",
               "comment_count":"11",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":null,
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "favorite":"false"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.524825,
                  "postal_code":"H2T 1S5",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"5369 Saint-Laurent #430",
                  "longitude":-73.596751
               },
               "created_at":"2008/07/02 15:18:33 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka",
               "pid":"f29ddd88d445dd125612065a6afa56e7",
               "name":"Osaka",
               "updated_at":"2008/08/24 19:41:40 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"0",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka/3512615.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/men/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find men in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"0",
                  "score":"100",
                  "pos_count":"1",
                  "count":"1"
               },
               "tag_count":"4",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982634.15430"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"men"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"clothing"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"furnishings"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"retail"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"0",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(514)5104836",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "favorite":"false"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.51551,
                  "postal_code":"H2W 1X6",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"3800, boulevard Saint-Laurent",
                  "longitude":-73.57611
               },
               "created_at":"2008/08/24 19:41:40 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant",
               "pid":"4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9",
               "name":"Osaka Restaurant",
               "updated_at":"2008/08/24 19:44:42 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"1",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"0",
                  "score":"100",
                  "pos_count":"2",
                  "count":"2"
               },
               "tag_count":"6",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982634.20795"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"outings"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"meals"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"entertainment"
                  },
                  {

                     "name":"restaurants"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"caterers"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"sushi"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"1",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(514)8493438",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "rating":"pos",
                  "favorite":"true"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.50802,
                  "postal_code":"H3A 2K2",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"2137, rue de Bleury",
                  "longitude":-73.570559
               },
               "created_at":"2008/08/24 19:42:11 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/societe-des-arts-technologiques-sat",
               "pid":"96423266cd5145552decb67454b13e4e",
               "name":"Societe Des Arts Technologiques (SAT)",
               "updated_at":"2008/06/27 19:25:55 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"15",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Societe-Des-Arts-Technologiques-SAT-/2542153.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/arts/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find arts in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"1",
                  "score":"98",
                  "pos_count":"89",
                  "count":"90"
               },
               "tag_count":"9",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982634.25869"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"arts"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"cultural"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"organizations"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"culture"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"web"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"technology"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"internet"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"dj"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"vj"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"7",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(514)8442033",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "rating":"pos",
                  "favorite":"false"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.509334,
                  "postal_code":"H2X 2S6",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"1195, boulevard Saint-Laurent",
                  "longitude":-73.562672
               },
               "created_at":"2008/04/04 18:13:46 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/us/washington/olympia/osaka-japanese-restaurant",
               "pid":"89b5cf71049d3a927022f4e0c782c3cf",
               "name":"Osaka Japanese Restaurant",
               "updated_at":"2008/07/09 19:59:27 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"1",

               "sponsored_links":[
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"0",
                  "score":"100",
                  "pos_count":"2",
                  "count":"2"
               },
               "tag_count":"4",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://us.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982634.30197"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"japanese"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"korean"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"beer"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"restaurants"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"0",
               "business_hours":"MON-FRI 11-10 SAT 12-10",
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(360)4133911",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "rating":"pos",
                  "favorite":"false"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Olympia",
                     "code":null,
                     "name_fr":null
                  },
                  "latitude":47.052939,
                  "postal_code":"98516",
                  "regions":{
                     "state":"Washington"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"United States",
                     "code":"US",
                     "name_fr":"\u00c9tats-Unis"
                  },
                  "street_address":"7265 Martin Way E",
                  "longitude":-122.783231
               },
               "created_at":"2008/07/09 19:59:27 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         },
         {
            "rating":"pos",
            "user":{
               "login":"bpiette"
            },
            "merchant":{
               "permalink":"http://praized.com/places/ca/quebec/montreal/osaka-restaurant",
               "pid":"4babe6d18a7354cd9d0c652996b683e9",
               "name":"Osaka Restaurant",
               "updated_at":"2008/08/24 19:44:42 +0000",
               "favorite_count":"1",
               "sponsored_links":[
                  {
                     "order":"0",
                     "url":"http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Montreal/Osaka-Restaurant/2446710.html?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"See more information about this merchant in YellowPages.ca"
                  },
                  {
                     "order":"1",
                     "url":"http://yellowpages.ca/search/si/1/outings/montreal?AFC-2BI478746688",
                     "label":"Find outings in Montreal in YellowPages.ca"
                  }
               ],
               "votes":{
                  "neg_count":"0",
                  "score":"100",
                  "pos_count":"2",
                  "count":"2"
               },
               "tag_count":"6",
               "stat_links":[
                  {
                     "url":"http://ca.stats.praized.com/ping?t=1219982634.33607"
                  }
               ],
               "tags":[
                  {
                     "name":"outings"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"meals"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"entertainment"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"restaurants"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"caterers"
                  },
                  {
                     "name":"sushi"
                  }
               ],
               "url":null,
               "comment_count":"1",
               "business_hours":null,
               "description":null,
               "phone":"(514)8493438",
               "fax":null,
               "target":{
                  "rating":"pos",
                  "favorite":"true"
               },
               "location":{
                  "city":{
                     "name":"Montreal",
                     "code":"MTL",
                     "name_fr":"Montreal"
                  },
                  "latitude":45.50802,
                  "postal_code":"H3A 2K2",
                  "regions":{
                     "province":"Quebec"
                  },
                  "country":{
                     "name":"Canada",
                     "code":"CA",
                     "name_fr":"Canada"
                  },
                  "street_address":"2137, rue de Bleury",
                  "longitude":-73.570559
               },
               "created_at":"2008/08/24 19:42:11 +0000",
               "email":null
            }
         }
      ],
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://praized.com/",
         "slug":"praized-com-hub",
         "name":"praized.com hub",
         "home_url":"http://praized.com/"
      }
   }
}

}}}




==== Getting users friends ====

===== Request Format =====

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/users/{user_login}/friends.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {user_login} ======

The login of the user

format : string

ex : fprefect

====== page ======

No of the requested page

format : unsigned integer

====== per_page ======

Number of request per page

format : unsigned integer

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

{{{

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<praized>
  <community>
    <slug>praized-com-hub</slug>
    <name>praized.com hub</name>
    <home_url>http://praized.com/</home_url>
    <base_url>http://praized.com/</base_url>
  </community>

  <pagination>
    <per_page></per_page>
    <page_count></page_count>
    <total_entries></total_entries>
    <current_page></current_page>
  </pagination>
<users>

  <user>
    <updated_at>2008-08-28T02:56:17Z</updated_at>

    <gender nil="true"></gender>
    <about nil="true"></about>
    <date_of_birth nil="true"></date_of_birth>
    <first_name>Surname</first_name>
    <claim_to_fame nil="true"></claim_to_fame>
    <last_name>Name</last_name>
    <address>
      <city>

        <name>Montreal</name>
        <code nil="true"></code>
        <name_fr nil="true"></name_fr>
      </city>
      <postal_code nil="true"></postal_code>
      <latitude>99.545447</latitude>
      <regions nil="true"></regions>
      <street_address nil="true"></street_address>

      <longitude>-99.639076</longitude>
    </address>
    <login>nnnnnnn</login>
    <created_at>2007-01-07T19:29:30Z</created_at>
  </user>
  
  ....
 
</users>
</praized>


}}}

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "pagination":{
         "per_page":null,
         "page_count":null,
         "total_entries":null,
         "current_page":null
      },
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://praized.com/",
         "slug":"praized-com-hub",
         "name":"praized.com hub",
         "home_url":"http://praized.com/"
      },
      "users":[
         {
            "updated_at":"2008/07/31 10:54:08 +0000",
            "gender":null,
            "about":null,
            "date_of_birth":null,
            "first_name":"name",
            "last_name":"lastname",
            "claim_to_fame":null,
            "login":"cfd",
            "created_at":"2008/04/07 22:01:12 +0000"
         },
         {
            "updated_at":"2008/08/21 14:59:48 +0000",
            "gender":null,
            "about":"Test",
            "date_of_birth":null,
            "first_name":"first name",
            "last_name":"name",
            "claim_to_fame":"-----",
            "address":{
               "city":{
                  "name":"Montreal",
                  "code":null,
                  "name_fr":null
               },
               "latitude":99,
               "postal_code":null,
               "regions":null,
               "street_address":null,
               "longitude":-99
            },
            "login":"nnnnnnnn",
            "created_at":"2008/02/26 17:23:21 +0000"
         },
         .....

      ]
   }
}

}}}

==== Adding a user as a friend of the currently logged user ====

===== Request Format =====

This is a POST request 

http://api.praized.com/{community_slug}/users/{user_login}/friendships.{format}?api_key={your api key}

===== Arguments =====

====== {user_login} ======

The login of the user

format : string

ex : fprefect

===== POST Body =====

format : string 

value : (add|remove)

===== Response Format =====

====== XML ======

TODO : 

====== JSON ======

{{{

{
   "praized":{
      "community":{
         "base_url":"http://api-tribe.com/praized/",
         "slug":"apitribe",
         "name":"Api Tribe",
         "home_url":"http://api-tribe.com/"
      },
      "friendship":{
         "login":0
      }
   }
}

}}}






== Complete examples ==

== Using OAuth with Praized API ==

 * Request Token URL: http://praized.com/oauth/request_token
 * Access Token URL: http://praized.com/oauth/access_token
 * Authorize URL: http://praized.com/oauth/authorize

=== Steps to build a Praized community ===

==== API-tribe ====

===== Installing Wordpress =====

===== Installing the Praized Community Plugin =====

===== Installing the Praized Tools Plugin =====

===== Verifying apache .htaccess =====

The .htaccess configuration file from apache should be modified to support the human (and search engine) readable links that are necessary for the Praized Plugins to work. If your installation does not have the required configuration you must manually modify the .htaccess file. Ask your administrator to do it for you or you can add this configuration : 

{{{
<IfModule mod_rewrite.c>
RewriteEngine On
RewriteBase /
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
RewriteRule . /index.php [L]
</IfModule>
}}}

===== Configuring Praized Widgets =====

The Praized Wordpress Widgets are elements that enhance usability on your community blog. To get those to appear the same way they do on http://api-tribe.com and http://beta-tribe.com you must enable them in Wordpress's administration. Go to the Design section and Widget sub section. Praized Widget should be available there. Simply select them and reorganize to your liking by dragging and dropping them in the right section of the Widget administration tool.


=== Steps to build a Praized application === 

====  Our next meeting place chooser - PHP Edition ====
==== Our next meeting place chooser - Facebook Edition ? ==== 