== Praized API Concepts and definitions ==

=== What is Praized ? ===

See http://praizedmedia.com/en/tour/

===  Merchant ===

The merchant is the subject on which users vote, comment, tag and bookmark.

The merchant is the central object on which action are made.

A merchant is a place, it can be a restaurant, a park an hotel, it has coordinates associated with it.

Place and merchant can be used interchangeably for this version of the API, but a place can be seen as more general, like a mall or a park for instance. A merchant is a type of place.

=== Community ===

A community is a group of users associated with a Web site or an application. A user can be in multiple communities.

=== Vote ===

A vote is either positive or negative. Users vote on merchants. Votes are kept by the Praized platform by community and by user. A user can positively vote (or Praize, as seen in the Facebook version of Praized) on a merchant in one community, and negatively (Razed) in another according the views of the community. For instance, as a parent, I might raze a restaurant in a parent children community because it does not welcome children, but praize it in another community because they have great microbrewery brews.

=== Bookmarks ===

Bookmarks, or favorites, point to the favorite merchants of a user.

=== Friendship ===

Friendship defines a relationship between two users. It is not limited to the concept of friendship in real life.  

-------

Continue to [First_tutorial_Hello_World A first Tutorial : Hello World]

Back to [Before_You_Start Before you Start]

Up to [API Our Index]